Docs: Keyring Migration & Events (#8895)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/baseapp.md

are used to handle state transitions in-between the main state made during [`Commit`](#commit).

Internally, there is only a single `CommitMultiStore` which we refer to as the main or root state.

> From this root state, we derive two volatile state through a mechanism called _store branching_ (performed by `CacheWrap` function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this root state, we derive two volatile states by using a mechanism called _store branching_ (performed by `CacheWrap` function).
```

- Perform preliminary _stateful_ validity checks like ensuring signatures are valid or that the sender has enough funds to pay for fees.
- Play a role in the incentivisation of stakeholders via the collection of transaction fees.

> `BaseApp` holds an `anteHandler` as paraemter, which is initialized in the [application's constructor](../basics/app-anatomy.md#application-constructor). The most widely used `anteHandler` today is that of the [`auth` module](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.42.1/x/auth/ante/ante.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BaseApp` holds an `anteHandler` as parameter that is initialized in the [application's constructor](../basics/app-anatomy.md#application-constructor). The most widely used `anteHandler` is the [`auth` module](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.42.1/x/auth/ante/ante.go).
```
